== シナリオ_page-0001.jpg ==
If you keep talking shit to me, then look—this is what happens.
I already have a great time every day playing PC games and spending on my phone. So seriously, don't get in my way.
But seriously, Old Man... aren't you just pathetic? So damn weak and miserable.
Sprawled out uselessly on the floor... getting your prick stepped on like this.
Maybe I'll just stomp your prick all the way flat! Heh heh, look at you!
There's no way me, from a guy like me, going to school to become some cog in society's machine—no way!
(Looks down at the opponent rolling on the floor, slowly and ownily crushing their crotch with the sole of their shoe)
(In a condescending, mocking voice, slightly high-pitched) Come on, Old Man. Say it again. I dare you.
Some city official, or whatever the hell you are. If you try to get in my way, you'll end up pathetic and sprawled on the floor... with your prick getting crushed under my shoe like this.
(Puts their weight on their heel, relentlessly grinding into the vital spot; the fabric and leather creak)
Working Title: The Personnel Remodeling System — End of the Arrogant Brat —

== シナリオ_page-0002.jpg ==
Too bad for you~ You know, back in the day I did karate like crazy. I trained my body to the limit.
I mean, seriously... you're way too weak for an old guy.
I'm a tight, ripped little hunk, after all. There's no way I'd ever lose to some old man.
Ugh, what a loser. Talk about pathetic.
Hmm? What's with that look on your face? Did you... think I was just some wimpy gamer kid?
I can't believe you got your dick crushed by a kid... Can't you even win a simple fight? Seriously?
You're the one who came here to straighten out a shut-in like me and make me reflect on my life,
You tried to drag me out there, only to get taken down and get your dick crushed. I am never, ever becoming a pathetic adult like that.
(Squats down/crouches, peeking into his face)

== シナリオ_page-0003.jpg ==
Hey, when you talk about 'becoming a proper adult'...
Do you mean becoming a pathetic loser like this?
Getting beaten by a brat, getting your prick crushed,
and looked down on?
Hey, when you talk about 'becoming a proper adult'...
Do you mean getting beaten by a brat like this?
Hey, look...
I'm gonna grind your prick under my shoe...
Some kinda system that forces jobless
and school-dropout youth like me
to be 'useful to society,' right?
Keep talking back and I'll keep grinding
until your prick is really flattened, okay?
I absolutely do NOT want to grow up
to be a pathetic adult like you.
Besides, there's no way
somebody like me would ever
listen to a disgusting old guy like you.
I have zero interest in that. 
I'll just kick your sorry ass and send you
right back where you came from.
What was it called again?
That 'personnel restructuring system' 
that started recently?
(A sticky smile, grinding down harder)

== シナリオ_page-0004.jpg ==
Look, rubbing, rubbing, rubbing...
See? You don't need a tiny little dick like this
any longer, right?
To think you'd get so stupid you couldn't even tell
something that obvious... I guess it was the right call
not to go back to school.
Don't underestimate adults, you little brat. Under the 
newly established Personnel Reconstruction System,
males like you get worked as whores at the very bottom 
of the social caste, got it?
Huh? 
What?
I'm gonna crush that pathetic little adult dick of yours
and make you regret ever thinking that.
Makes you regret thinking that?
...What? What the hell are you
talking about, old man? Can you even 
see what I look like right now?
I'm a cool little boy. There's no way
I could ever be a whore!

== シナリオ_page-0005.jpg ==
(Close-up, Mid-shot)
Come on, crumble...
Crumble away...
Crumble away...
Wh... What's with this guy?! 
He's clinging to my leg, 
cramming it against me... and sending an electric current through me!
Wait, could it be? 
This old man is into guys?
I'm telling you, don't get carried away! 
You're just an arrogant little brat...
(Close-up)
Hey, stop it! 
I'm still paralyzed from the shock! 
Stop it! 
Don't rip my clothes!
You're disgusting, you old creep! 
Get off me!
Wh- হোয়াt?!
Wait... what?!
(Sound of cloth being ripped violently, skin exposed to the air)
(Sound of clothes rustling as ankle is suddenly grabbed tightly)
(Sharp crackle of electricity)
(Twitches and collapses heavily to the floor)
(Mid-shot, slightly to the left)
