== シナリオ_page-0001.jpg ==
There's no way someone like me is going to school just to end up some screw in the social machine.
I'm already having the time of my life every day with PC games and gacha. Seriously, stay out of my way.
But man, this old guy is seriously pathetic. Just a total loser.
Some city official, or whatever... I don't know who he is, but imagine trying to boss me around, only to end up sprawled on the floor like a dog with your dick getting stepped on by my shoe...
Keep talking and see what happens.
Come on, old man. Try saying that again.
(Track 1) Noise Alfonso
There, take that.
What you think? Want me to grind your dick into the floor?
Go on! Try it! Do it!
[Proposed Title: Personnel Reformation System ~ The End of an Arrogant Brat ~]
(Giggling)
(Looking down at the man on the floor, slowly grinding the sole of their shoe into his crotch)
(The sound of clothes and leather creaking as they lean their full weight onto their heel, relentlessly digging into his vital spot)

== シナリオ_page-0002.jpg ==
You got beaten up by that brat...
And your dick crushed, too.
You can't even win—one single—fight? For real?
You tried to drag me out of the house,
but instead you got laid out and your dick smashed.
I never want to be such a pathetic grown-up.
Too bad for you. 
You see, back in the day, I did a ton of karate,
so I'm super buff.
I'm a ripped, powerful little alpha,
so there's no way some old guy like you
could ever beat me.
You came here talking about curing a 
shut-in shut-in like me and making me repent...
Wow, how lame.
Hm? What's with that face?
Did you... think I was just some
worthless loser who does nothing but play games?
Seriously, you're way too weak, old man.
(Squatting down, peeking into his face)

== シナリオ_page-0003.jpg ==
Hey, you know what that geezer,"properly growing up," --
is that supposed to mean becoming a loser again,
getting your dick crushed
and looked down on by a brat like me?
Besides, there's no way someone like me
would actually listen to
a gross old man like you.
I have zero interest in that.
I'm just gonna blow a pathetic old guy like
you away and send you right back where you came from.
Keep talking smart and look what happens.
I'll just keep grinding it down until
your dick's totally crushed, okay?
Look, I'll just...
crush your dick under my shoe,
really grind it in...
There was that thing starting up
recently, you know, the
"Personnel Remodeling System"?
For young people who don't work
or go to school, like me...
I really don't want to end up
like such a pathetic adult.
Isn't that what they call it?
The system that's meant to
force you to be useful to society?
A sticky smile, grinding down even harder.

== シナリオ_page-0004.jpg ==
Huh?
What?
Don't look down on adults, you little shit.
Under the new Human Reinforcement Law,
a brat like you is destined to be
at the bottom of the social caste,
working as a whore.
...Huh?
What are you talking about, old man?
Can you even see me like this?
I'm gonna crush your shitty little adult dick
until you learn your lesson!
(Echoing his words)
(Close-up, left)
Imagine getting so fucking stupid you can't
even figure out something that obvious.
I really made the right call by
quitting school.
Look, squish, squish, squish!
You don't need a tiny little prick like this
any more, do you?
I'm a cool edgy brat. There's no way
I'd ever end up being some damn whore.

== シナリオ_page-0005.jpg ==
Come on, fall apart...
Fall apart,
fall apart...
Wait... what!?
Uh, no way. You go that way, old man!?
Wha-? What's wrong with this guy!?
He's clinging to my leg,
pressing against me and sending electricity through me!
H-hey! 
I can't move because of the shock!
Quit it! Stop it
l...Stop ripping my clothes!
Get your filthy hands off me, you old creeper!
Don't get carried away!
(Cloth rustles as his ankle is gripped hard)
(Sharp crackle of electricity)
(His body spasms and he crashes to the floor)
(Medium shot - wide)
O-oh!?
You cheeky little snot-nosed kid...
You've got a lot of nerve!
(Clothes are torn away violently; skin is exposed to the air)
